doc: add atkbdc emulation doc (#3906)
projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor: doc/developer-guides/hld/atkbdc-virt-hld.rst

.. _atkbdc_virt_hld:

> atkbdc emulation

Reviewer: Is there a more explicit term we could use here instead of `atkbdc`, something like "AT Keyboard Controller"?

################

> This document describes atkbdc virtualization implementation in ACRN device model. Atkbdc device contains ps2 keyboard and mouse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes ``atkbdc`` virtualization implementation in ACRN device model. Atkbdc device contains ps2 keyboard and mouse.
```

Reviewer: More than "contains", wouldn' it more appropriate to say "emulates a PS/2 keyboard and mouse"?

Overview
********

> The PS2 port is a 6-pin mini-Din connector used for connecting keyboards and mice to a PC compatible computer system. Its name comes from the IBM Personal System/2 series of personal computers, with which it was introduced in 1987. PS/2 keyboard/mouse emulation is based on ACPI Emulation. We can add ACPI description of PS2 keyboard/mouse into virtual DSDT table to emulate keyboard/mouse in UOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PS2 port is a 6-pin mini-Din connector used for connecting keyboards and mice to a PC compatible computer system. Its name comes from the IBM Personal System/2 series of personal computers, with which it was introduced in 1987. PS/2 keyboard/mouse emulation is based on ACPI Emulation. We can add ACPI description of PS2 keyboard/mouse into virtual DSDT table to emulate keyboard/mouse in the User VM.
```
